content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
draft: false
---
```go
                                fmt.Println("Hello, 世界! 🌎")
```  
---
💻 I’m a software developer studying computer science at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver.

💔 Currenly in a <a href="https://xkcd.com/676/" target="_blank">love</a> and <a href="https://xkcd.com/2259/" target="_blank">hate</a> relationship with operating systems and distributed systems. 

📽️ Between classes, I am either working on personal [projects](/../project) or watching <a href="https://letterboxd.com/andamovie/" target="_blank">movies</a>. 

💬 If you'd like to get in touch, feel free to send me an [e-mail](mailto:daniel.gong27@gmail.com) or connect with me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-gong-6b9397152/)!

### Courses I've Taken
---
- CPSC 110: Systematic Program Design  

- CPSC 121: Models of Computation
- CPSC 210: Software Construction
- CPSC 213: Introduction to Computer Systems
- CPSC 221: Basic Data Structures and Algorithms
- CPSC 304: Introduction to Relational Databases
- CPSC 310: Introduction to Software Engineering
- CPSC 313: Computer Hardware and Operating Systems
- CPSC 317: Internet Computing
- CPSC 320: Intermediate Data Structures and Algorithms
- CPSC 330: Applied Machine Learning
- CPSC 404: Advanced Relational Databases
- CPSC 415: Advanced Operating Systems
- CPSC 416: Distributed Systems
- CPSC 436I: Topics in Computer Science - Industry Skills
- MATH 200: Calculus III
- MATH 221: Matrix Algebra
- STAT 241: Introductory Probability and Statistics

Commit message:

css changes, add profile pic, favicon, mp3meta draft

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
draft: false
---
```go
fmt.Println("Hello, 世界! 🌎")
```  
![daniel profile picture](/img/profilepic.png)

---
💻 I’m a computer science student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver.

💔 Currently in a <a href="https://xkcd.com/676/" target="_blank">love</a> and <a href="https://xkcd.com/2259/" target="_blank">hate</a> relationship with operating systems and distributed systems. 

📽️ Between classes, I am either working on personal [projects](/../project) or watching <a href="https://letterboxd.com/andamovie/" target="_blank">movies</a>. 

💬 If you'd like to get in touch, feel free to send me an [e-mail](mailto:daniel.gong27@gmail.com) or connect with me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-gong-6b9397152/)!

---

### Courses I've Taken

- CPSC 110: Systematic Program Design  

- CPSC 121: Models of Computation
- CPSC 210: Software Construction
- CPSC 213: Introduction to Computer Systems
- CPSC 221: Basic Data Structures and Algorithms
- CPSC 304: Introduction to Relational Databases
- CPSC 310: Introduction to Software Engineering
- CPSC 313: Computer Hardware and Operating Systems
- CPSC 317: Internet Computing
- CPSC 320: Intermediate Data Structures and Algorithms
- CPSC 330: Applied Machine Learning
- CPSC 404: Advanced Relational Databases
- CPSC 415: Advanced Operating Systems
- CPSC 416: Distributed Systems
- CPSC 436I: Topics in Computer Science - Industry Skills
- MATH 200: Calculus III
- MATH 221: Matrix Algebra
- STAT 241: Introductory Probability and Statistics
